hey it's Kirby's today we're making our
very own DIY sequined headband to add
some glitz to your everyday look I was
first inspired by this look when I saw
Miranda Kerr on Chanel's fall 2012
runway she had these really beautiful
intricate sequined embellished eyebrows
and grin and a lot of people probably
can't pull that off so I decided to make
a headband to get a similar look that's
more wearable here's what you'll need an
elastic headband east 6-thousand glue
hot glue sequin ribbon loose sequins
plastic crystals scissors and tweezers
the first step is to decide on your
design so for me I came up with a color
scheme of white black blue and then
silver next it's time to hot glue your
elastic sequin ribbon on top of your
headband so go ahead and measure it out
I'm not going to apply the sequins all
the way around I want a little bit of
the back just to keep black I would say
about 3/4 of the way around is fine and
from there once you have it measured out
you're going to cut it now place the
elastic headband into the center of the
sequin ribbon and this is where you're
going to hot glue it
grab your sequins your loose sequins I
put them in a bowl just to help me out
and you're going to apply them with
tweezers but instead of using your glue
gun which actually dries white and a
little bit too chunky for sequins you
want to use e6000 this glue is
industrial-strength your sequins won't
go anywhere with it but it's very messy
and really sticky so I advise just
putting it on a paper plate and then
dipping it from your tweezers onto your
headband finish off your headpiece it's
time to adhere some of these plastic
loose crystals you want to use the
smaller dying size pieces and instead of
using the e6000 which was great to get
those sequins on for going back to hot
glue because these are bigger pieces
if you have any loose ends on your
headband use a hot glue gun just to seal
them so they don't come any more unravel
then let your headband dry for 10
minutes the Chanel runway eyebrows took
around three hours to make a pair at
this headband took you less than 30
minutes I love it because it's a fun
glitzy look that anyone can pull off I'm
curvy and thanks for watching Bella
sugar TV